---
layout: post
title: Maasai Mara - Part 2
tags: [Kenya, Travel]
---

This is part two of a blog series about my trip to the Maasai Mara in Kenya.
Part 1 of the post can be found [here](/blog/maasai-mara-part-1)

On the second day and main day at the park, we planned on spending the whole day
on a game drive in the park. The park itself opens at 6:30am and closes at
6:30pm. We planned to be there when the park opened because that is often when
the big cats are out due to the low sun.

Common things such as zebras, Thompson and Grant gazelles, antelope, topi,
wildebeast, vultures etc. are ridiculously abundant throughout the park and
after a while they became such a hu hum sighting.  All of the safari guides in
the mara communicate over a radio to tell the other drivers where the good
aninmals are. Our driver was saying that over his 20 years of experience in
being a driver, they all know the general parts of the park and driver to where
the other vans are to see the big ticket animals. The rest of this post will be
laid out by each of the _bigger_ sightings that we saw.


### Giraffe at the tree

The first big thing we saw was a giraffe eating it's breakfast. The tree was
probably 10 ft away from the road that we were on.

![Giraffe](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/R1U_pXiBTKfcMBbCmvpGdwsVceVn8X1FqB96CFFeejFvZNfbMHgbGQRRu-O2QugyUx9suv1Z9c-ROVjnf_OcFoqBA6O9McKa44QgdBbs3hdF3jLopnDuHv3ees-BTdyLJCfWGaxkn5k3ik_c99FYwcmk_GfryiE6gPYe1X9lSHtORgJOH_2a6XNG3LJRN7QoqVZxpgLGsywieaBEf3Ct3JLsPVFZagGwD7IrAK2FbSgmlROYTvEB_DERF0_LqjakN_cqKAM7TiUONzqGq9UrScaV1YkE0SpJjW8kL7aIQbuDpeY8Xzok9GbyaYe8UIexdOzbEXWK1OXRBquT6YO3SfrrupFRPDfGPUCaBTsbNKEmHUJQ_9A-weiubztJfg6bwxmYTPN0V3DTbPY-yEq3HRjik5hzuy9av1HmYqKXI-pmJtOPa1hUR44l78ezkDEuMees5K-KfE3f1VoAHr68fiDrAtCOm9LYsPj-uW2Udx6KGFjv25w8E7LZ-fqeDW-9jZzyOg_Ct9YgzAep2ixR378dt0aFEfItwRH5yatt3l5Sto9NkCUiKfv5hZkSO83ce-M5UG_7l6AohQ8DSVLIPUwc9kglf_nkwiBiluKU9YicZc9nfzM3qFVwJ7JnQ7Yb8J3PNNGYN9qwCFUNvUu_5GDPTJlJD472ZdS6JxspatfParYnBhcvs4Kr=w1080-h1630-no)

###### Giraffe

### "Leopard"

The first big land cruiser meet up that we saw was to see a "leopard" up a
tree. Unfortunately other than viewing a couple of spots high up in the tree on
our way out I was unable to view this animal. For the majority of the time we
were "looking" at it, I was looking in the wrong spot in a dead topi up in a
tree. Sadly there is no picture for this one

### Lion #1

Stationed just outside the offshoot to see the animals there was a ranger car
that was wanting a bribe from the drivers for $100 USD to go up and see the
lions. One of the other drivers had gone up and paid the bribe. Once they had
agreed our driver was on the radio waiting to make sure that they got a
sufficient distance away before telling us that we were going to sneak up there
but we would only have 5 minutes so we better be ready with our camera. We were
the first car to sneak up to see the lions but once we had gone, there were ~5
others that raced up as well to see these animals

At the spot, there were a total of lions, one male who was dragging a dead topi
for a meal and 5 other lounging females. We had first followed the male to his
spot under a tree where he wanted to eat. Then we headed back where there were
another 5 females (or not maned lions) lounging in the little shade around.

3 minutes later we were out with the rangers none the wiser. This was honestly
was one of the funniest things I've ever done in my life

![Male Lion](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/lq-bjm3sSgf1p9QctnKLPNq9IwHjJsoa66mDEUsLXcNqcE0MEA0oCjPC3fBma6VA1-4cr45DmhoHEMDt5AhheIkrX-jW9GxPzBLHz7Xzeqw9krKnvSajV883hzBrPEaoR_BGW6f5ZbNr_4cXAcuVM6ikPrMBAKJcm6-mnemvO6SARtUj4rz1b16hoyRea9UAZg8F4pQrQHfytJXUc3GAAUYI6AJITLKYWYqfJq8Y3CxAYBlsyt2mBtOhgzlBcPxcVD9rALfA31d4rxB90hzSQQ4z3PpnZcaRIWLo5cPWogSimN_nrNodzZowStOPiRRdkbqt7W_lt4xKal7hr5M4GsuQk8y19YVCjxijrGmR4WmAqQCYwLqJRvE6DAkrnNcs6716TVC-JqzX_-6po44IaibkQ2NqFGeqca3rxeJdSBWDxo35p0GF3GLbbaBx-Svg-9OesBfqPeMJo__2cQvV8ZuI4DbFUJETOnnTbzecNoE-ntL9bSFe_YLpFtjBnhD6KvD_oZ6UgmeRE5kcveDbxbHFIGZozhYILUf6qaHt3kBd-hISTEs_I4DED6ApHqdnUfyt-tmGzCux4DJUVrcHgU0LDps_40Vzyh1oborTXENYQUnYG4ctaLTFd8kyWWD9dcNKFooCo9xXgwzyY7eXn67kUKCcdCEJ7x4BpLOZ6CDeEczrXS5mbmBT=w1440-h954-no)

###### Male Lion

![Female Lion](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/x0cCp0kcjmDY1L4hEY3hDDxLajFSJ7r4jBe3O3VBxi4U26RbBdX1DLFlp7hqsF7kLjH6WPFWVlrVmX-gspVLkgvGqpsmMzgTTpMHKHLLLynJt1cySmLYxq68A03GvjxgyilJuWB2U1PsvXwap8cczDfwRYZJZdxxmCub0FE7pOrSLFLsytqbGVRrsCIMYZfP4cUwveUcTW61f5l5qIAONPFtOk9sJh_JFegpzJmT3tf-iP3BkwrpdBP7XhIeVrvtBDtvASvV-6dipaTdjAtAtuj8eRvZiJYGLXZBtzFkx8ZZf9A_PrKLgJii2eXIHcY9t4-GIkQoyj0pUNmNUeGZoG3lZdRifwiyNauJPyeFLK6LRPbBsZjiLdr64brG--QYdSyb7q3j9jeRbWyojrDGkFaU-_kdbEoSnT20cWnGW8QF8odWCXrsn-_cdVmqfZsbAUp-BNmbag82SQYp9iXqSlFO9NcK79ixxLOByBThatFu-n79o2JoFvOcKs9BAedMcv4YSGC-uj9kwES7I079uWZBngTS9skpc1-pyRJgHVm24aldLJ9MoW0SX7uEFacg6J5FTLeYEtoHrRgPH0lF-q9T0hmTkio84KX78dKOr_HrhQz0lXdxQoKQhWANzNYlh1AAJO0w0XlIARMfFmgq8Ayt5DFkWmPHzHVBKkHTl5xD4aHqWjObXwPe=w1440-h954-no)

###### Female Lion lounging

### Lions #2

Directly after seeing our first set of lions we head to our next land cruiser
meetup to see another set of lions. This time we are able to view a female and
some lion cubs. These lions were just lounging in a bush and not doing much.

Later, we came back to see these lions again, and we saw them lounging on the
side of the road under a tree.


![Female Lions](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/0XYRnZEnRfwc4l5sd6hpzmK5H3wOqpZwasbzucOQuT56TEl3ZGRqSfprka0-wckTYKGqF5fSxhIsa10gFDbNmGbUWtdXow5CgBgLjr0TZnneVrkKRXTiammU_iGkjJWpUdGf9q_unIRGF_Eu2fom-yhk0MgAVz1CxPnc4iQ58--0iXGf7R2fVZke7-2V6LJJiMJ5jh5I5xYHChgxAJankOUommKXFRWX2J2fKFY9ijplbVbGl_OFYDRDWy__dUF0GJ87EMZA-4KgaMqTNsZ04PI6toWE_nm5qLNv5cwCRZKg1xO2QO3tnfarLek4IaJRIcCQpM8fr393veYDw91VJC22z7m_lEsYOWNf_T1B7937C8v0fScFL2KJE9nF40pVmZ8NimOsRNujeV_FjmlobW9kosLACpMYJrfo2WLQZEqRyPIRdGKd6lKT1L_8hsL-3DqaQhaobd4xa087KGU2Ikb7SgPMR_VYLlkulyal9G9sgzM_mW60MZABrrfcQE8b6eGYOzoOd9XtK9apWeExZZMVY1WEZ0R_3HQGWMExV_3TBY_YDzxoePB-fY4b6_SaMxury6HPxmjn63M5DIxrCKNY7zChpywBAaZUw5ldel_ggPnyqfHN3fymDQ8SM4VXcd5G_Kif4Ov9JmoNHPQTlP8mTl8LEUF9_8Bj1MGKocqr4GtE2uHN8Vj0=w1440-h954-no)

###### Female Lions
### Cheetahs

Aight so this one was cool. James, our driver, went on a long trek to get to
these guys. But when we arrived there was a Coalition of 5 cheetahs that were
lounging under a tree. For probably 20 min, we just watched (and photographed)
these cheetahs that were lounging in the shade.

However after 20ish mins, these cheetahs spotted some wildebeasts to hunt.
Then they all stood up and headed into the plains towards where the wildebeasts
were. One of the cheetahs then moved forward and when ready chased after the
wildebeasts for < 30s. The cheetahs were unsuccessful and among all animals have
one of the lowest hunting success rates of 2%. Afterwards they meandered back to
the tree they were originally under to rest... again.

![Cheetahs under tree](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/yw5Ilhr1x_yA2_sK9oKGBCTG7ITcc58DhV_lvrZWeyg7v47AUoVFVAohJsgFYjBj-7NkNnNVkB5_0vsvu_eaX1OzUhYY2Mq64zrCC9qLB1Liw7CHZdnZGPU2Uq1OxUfsiQa3ju9RTBNP_tQxgtA03wgCUvXKBMj1W45XyENBsK67CcMOEvZ-p8i9AUXg85RBo-Kz6Dd-erk1ydZ7B4YI8qZKvZ8Pshiqh0qjgV0YmA6yl0ud3hka0DLLWWH8-YzQHIY-r4DFdqgS_9i4khOtZD9VBxA98n6bFZsv1XJFd7pQLSrSSkfpzXGRaMGb0b8--Iti0b7UioI-nIWJ5BOvdptIR3tYo19PRKzTwcMzjuR-Gkd09NivqpXYDA90IiVPH2VPYsc5t6u52FNxAW-LVFtLxDpVuyYJ-mXfFglwNbZJhAoGzElGpOoaWa6uZQNuM93blOIfDoHIswaRxEuPEnGX4gIGVXsgzeqQcXHtxTy_rsL9GeoJk0TlllkhjgXHWTHP5-bzxwbk1pI4i26urYonmosUGjBnIpVATpZ3nj-IIxm0irVdrQxZJOAmdTkRFVL8G_MunUGblDYWg_X3V4uVQgL7qSTaKbItWMiJuq5kiCYSdY2aNU5_jK3YnO1WbfEvlul1gIgpzkHSiJT-zKqrTlwwLz43JLRo8avx1OxWUmzHzea-7JYa=w1440-h954-no)

###### Cheetahs under tree

![Cheetah hunting](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/1a0Zt7uRMr1BrQAci04iYHZEqu4OM-l-5D58m5z2eNIwrGZuZ1OtEzVD9YFn6xpm5ZxJJOkaMK1_BYusDlUkMmi3vNrEpINdo7zBUuEDTCOh3uqxUNpb3osV3ODpzFPFm1HNyhhqA3tBWZvQcoWFKkNt1TEHauaVjm9UBqlRsJ8DYuw23ST0UFGzV04YGa2DHNE8puRPkckhNHym5Zh4oH23ox2Nuwca9n81zFBP5eHfSf5oLgl6ByGfzkVulYtzAIxUOmWJ_3ebaCBc8qJLABIq8C17bhUt09SfE1DKOz8Dt2Fc0BkhQaCVTuK5kP_pmTdppGRj7vKAY_jbuW--W-7ruRWxG4973TAMPIK6jr_i09o7lFnSHPLLEddy6ZDLiLzTJCyH8G-A4KSt7rZ-OZFVEt6iOP7mcrNQC5FOQ60bCj7UxzAcdAlJpxh7-XqHPTGA3X7dRazNAUGoz1AuuKqPfOkxGwKerjtVvmFEpGkSpFNoWXkf3PUtEv2TF0Rjg_0sUdo4VXNRjYFmvxC4EQUdybfB6O7XceuA3ekvJxI_ob03kIKVF7LViMpTfR6pHUcZ2gb0ES-wLa_1VkAOkTdfW9N8OvuOrMzkRjNUHI6Fz46wTkUnVhWHjfl913ZRWFoW40ZYl7WVD-0EpAyy0QRkuJPw2LqTZQfj5Rz336CMi8ftbIw5BGo_=w1440-h954-no)

###### Cheetah hunting

![Cheetahs returning from hunt](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/MdG4ly1Nbu7z4UGjsV7xCHFwId_rH0fAgOfEdY_orukfv7kdEVZzoIvyWDY5MEbGA8Y_GCLvnQvOEEnxDDAbKa-eJg1P1ncERijKsXXu6N_ZbrxRxrUK6dE6iLNs9yLZVyK3JrTtbMsMQF0kLZopcwtaFbHqW9kkEsti8GtIaTlsFyA8i6FGebURNtceZ3szHysPInAbtsIVs3Lf3R5qsaMLXYydFQ-pwVSohA45y-uZ87eEF9z8c11FtoCIQzdXJfJNl4tyGF9DOY03F2IZpWzTV6MWmRMa8cqzOHlQ-fuFTpfIBj6cMxfv667p3pUzFWC9JCPBPixhux1dBvjvQAduHzeO1H4PkZTsGkaMpmcPIXLqYg7-Xcar32do3KDzMhNm3fY4lZ4ET4JFExBL-nm5Y9Octk__cnY7vWnD3OWajlY_SlQjzPrAnz5OFUBmQRK5ZgSZWguxy_5v9mcDGXzbC02BCSK9TIbcBElzr6dcfKrci2cB68iPDL6G6ny2pQ0-0AHdO6YWJJkYuHj2-pffkTv9u1ppddicR7BtJnbUJ0OxSmUY__zeY0LQPMFOPn85VBswYK0BokVKokAi-581WuLfF93k0eAOMVurzawnYvM80bkaUVjrGgeyZR6XPzYf8H09CCUg8khZxYgrxZ9oS_hz35t2FwY474M9RTRS0a0tG4vpxnAV=w1440-h954-no)

###### Cheetahs returning from hunt

### Rhino

The next mission we went on was to go and see one of the 30 rhinos that are in
the park. In a park of 1000 kmÂ², seeing one of these animals was a very rare
treat. Of course we only saw him lounging in the shade, but nonetheless, we did
see a black rhino in the "wild". Apparently in the 1980s there were over 120
rhinos in the park but due to poaching, the numbers dwindled down to less than
20, but now the population is starting to regrow. Northern white rhinos on the
other hand are another story, with only 2 of them left in the world.

Later when we came back we saw him stand! But that was it, he didn't do anything
other than that.

![Northern black rhino](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/0-tn3Txg2KhrdaPZUjqQCFA2yqu0Zjc3hNtbhx9GD8dvwRTHO7OcWQ6UZUl1yGRVIGXxBIm8odhjoMXqsX29Jc_HZ2guOPX0va-dTX-fh0Qoj2ZQN7CqZvkAxyQ4ndfrb5vaEHnW56jcx8-az6zrROQ0nW8UKygYB-JiSE_61wY0CozZTuIEk0e3HzMu5XCpwWXitmIdcMhGc-kPKMz8qgjvuo6yHT4hvz5Km3O6AfVeeaN6cJIVmAye53v-qAOO62sxUADLsEU1sunioO003q7KCfUsoH06e4mgtmwSFmsc5mtQPH9FUPf2IhGDEP629DAETG8FFoWGHndGIu0MaCCh6gGTQCCt4ZgY-Xf91HNOmC1MVJjtaRHa8xbxsRrEKTm43LZ3EtLRPA-OfnXXLEp5LHuXP0B00bSJjy8B3GfvTO5RxerfEc6fXFv325vFU6dZzX9p52-eGY-6HCqEcEa1H6FCGsuj1qR5z_fcmUVCjMGgtR5ZIh0TW1xZBABnU4RatOlcabSbeleAqI2Zrk06HcmrcUhdgkAjZjE_dVmhse9RCmHPMhTriEDbzys2pgLXl7weqy7rtJMYuCuYKmIDSM4v6DKBpCblYRbjQjBft3TmSUYXclARYWYvfyWz8HPT2ocrj3QM-uFjGS7MIX_lrAm5ZeenFUbu5bRQ_-1mylhzkJgV0HyC=w1440-h954-no)

###### Northern black rhino

### Hippos and the Wildebeast migration

The final _cool_ thing that we saw was part of the wildebeast migration. This
migration happens from mid August until the end of September, but we were told
when we booked that we had missed it. However, we got lucky. When we got down to
the Mara river, we first saw some hippos that were just lounging in the water.
The section of the Mara river we were at was quite narrow, but apparently will
reach widths of 30ish m. (Can't find a source for that other than my driver).

Further down the bank, we saw our last big land cruiser meet up where there was
a massive stream of zebras and wildebeasts crossing the river as a part of the
migration. As the animals passed there was a massive dust storm as they
descended to the river to then climb back up on the other side.

In this river there are many crocodiles and hippos that will attack these
migrating animals and when we were there, we saw a wildebeast get caught and
pulled under by a crocodile. However in the grand scheme of things, with 400+
animals crossing and only 1 (?) getting caught, I would call this river crossing
a success for this herd.

![Migrating wildebeasts](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/pCA82lLC-HgIlsidOw0gI1MitDoyQDxXakExq6vXQt3LBx09kuw0Euha680da06hDre7X0VBYcTRyehzQJ7feu1OnB5ZX86k5KR5krcSdr88fw9ziVU8ulrKbeXpJ3gI_vuKEzv50pmGNQRrVQaOnraiWAWWayc8F1UHsbnWvRvCS2p_LqZI_1qPx8yJ-NCQVXu-ZutxloeY0CQZ37Kofa_pNX-Y5qU7NDXIvTsP6GGrNJlfojj1JZh0mdSNvh0rA71AoKOWCWH5aEBjYkGF3I07PViyrQt7GYc8RmV6aE4OlKBwbSxqWX0IFC59bk3xg31EgmCB2-7udXwto5G4NCJNzNar5Ay4INdk3XBC1NwZYwPhEgByqOZJs2wMWp7RicVNjYOvfaXvFnMtNM5YpSVBMFE5dIw2BcMNb1iOlcyGzmFx_OgYLcogzj-aRjuo-fg8tH9QTgTZcqQe2IYJbs2yA0xS1eGGx04dFMY-hEYsZPdHyuHVB2eV6dJKdot9dvj2vTyrr3zBb3JayrGBq6Ds-89TYey-TbBj9tIKrYvYsV82tEotMKkvhiiGg0ouR02mgcPyIynRLIbdSB2xZ07icAK-NM8M9hgr9-hJf07PtsfJ7DJ3yjS39Uo0woRVSPF8xfzQ0qNQltfM_ZHrEEt1_ddXSvDvkorX4x2KTfM7bG8UgHiD3orY=w1440-h954-no)

###### Migrating wildebeasts

![Caught wildebeast ft. hippo](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/0d88vvSf3A3vK6l83NuzMF2yadYt9rhgiQ2LE_Ty0hYONi6DFm_ESxWPRfG_3sAH_E8qWP5dLNumOoB6y0B7kSMbz2yQoiGY27R1ddlAfrYdeKPKi0ukpaFPDpuXfS2fqgp11bh2zSnXhX2_adaoUp05lOVlO2Q-wuTg2WVrPAizpgC2xgmAzm-WQ74ZTclDcMrS7YYXrxqL36b-ukgsd0zCBbf_-etDr9OxKj74X7Q0c0M3cJqA6D-btkp90nz5HWb4WxlOi6Fk40Xsc4x3ETTmArv3ABwNyAzU0heCtbz-9NC3itxssPlWGhY2SPZiFykmF1d67XAeHL30XrZ4AAQAqdjOcuwcWJsDaE5ZsAvvkdaIixTu2Dqejrc6TDylfngQ5OjpVKWwY2f6UAMmx4shdGV1_16gTPOe6tNL6lNcO48nyiPA9lddgLYJTc01nue-ijEIZbzqPDXJq7K6jWpQRXJHTZDvw2jN9qhkaDjMxk1g14U7mdVMzOvOGjOuZQm9WFPThnBReKsCzQUSrYwmIQGHqQOU8YD6DeTvPspZ6On1tcLBuvZKA6CFMCmaBBv6CPREwRhp3NN-1ettlX91zyeF04M_gXUsiIjbfb-4Y-kFzIWPBS-CcXMCdZ38SPPeeb1V_ORI8v77zJqL-ecRTCe1SYPzcmcZyutlEa6cjnC4ouEb8P3I=w1440-h954-no)

###### Caught wildebeast ft. hippo

## The maasai village

Across from our camp was a "Maasai" village that was a pretty big tourist trap.
Starting with the $10 USD fee to enter the village (apparently the money went
towards the local school), to the constant wanting us to buy their "handmade"
maasai things including a "lions tooth" necklace, it seeemed pretty scummy as
these people lived off unsuspecting tourists that come to these villages.

However once you get passed that aspect of the experience, the rest was pretty
cool. The Maasai in Kenya are known for their Choma (barbeque) and We convinced
them to cook us some barbeque (we did pay for the meat) and they roasted up a
leg of lamb for us

Cooked over an open fire and cut up for us by the chief, the meat was pretty
good, but it was nothing more than meat roasted over a fire, no seasonings or
anything. Something to note though is that since it was roasted on a spit, the
meat was kind of dry as all the juices would just drip off, but it was cool
nonetheless.

![Grilling Choma](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/j_ktQXbXTHFl5c1n0pkCHVIDD9GG_dqDmwyjs2WpimCy9BWpGGZlkgP26mf8sP03sWykdHmj2fqX0ZsV4np6G5aIiOXwYOQ1T7C971yH1rOIxIcG_ZNDiJdMSIPzKXjrmutX1bp9-IVuWZMm4FsvIbv06_QlPc8faLX6lez5-kBVXAvdVnQsuFSj4dn2SvuiC-cnCkeDVV_qe9RJMotIVLFpHMPAHvXucf4Y0rx1J_2R6EKaur41njxo09kaYLBlRgiCeW-uGrksur85osYof6CHq2PhQyhE-5Fe_n0rYi3WDDpeP6kxnXN2zxiAvCNm5h1u33CgXrxVF2UOshJkA0WFYUsqlXPwL3xl24UnGmG_tuuSGsc0tfuoxukgTc8jq075Y4AgfMrHMA0cXupvPhwQotI5E0mAMh2Xr8IQ1psYirmrXGTAuG_tLPx5wFMVCNqACUjzf_8SifEznghi9hMW6bcLujxzoyoF8Ur6MFBWYr0K6w0j-CvhBEW4BBScbk4QvQJ1p7Tz85nL9foNJ2e7P0_KEpRrw5c-MklxSLkFdGYkGuU8iZQaEfLQlPZjQlXLFQNzuWDCckOuxzhnOVAUFrT_-_kmA0yTj5Q9ZBebsR7Ztn0_lB190BtFyvURFKAxeteKWiX-0NrK-Q4WSE2hnFY9L2CzkYIYNjqM_Mdqb4sWvGKSDzIy=w1440-h954-no)

###### Grilling Choma

## Thoughts

We got lucky. Other than the leopard we saw pretty much everything we could have
seen over the 2 game drives we did. My favourite thing was the unsanctioned lion
spotting experience, and seeing the male with a kill and the others walking
directly past the vehicle

Our driver was great and he had definitely learned a few things over the 20
years that he had been a game driver. The van that we had taken was more than
adequete and could definitely handle everything in there when the weather was
dry. With wet condtions I feel like the 4x4 are probably much better.

For the $120 all inclusive package for a 3 day trip plus the $80 park fee, I
would say it was definitely worth it and exceeded my expections for a nature
tour, especially compared to my oxbow lake experience in Peru.  Now I don't need
to go to anymore game parks in East Africa and the only animals left on my list
for Africa are the silverback gorillas ($$$) and flamingos.

All and all probably my best weekend in africa

This is part 2 of a post about my Maasai mara weekend, part one can be read
[here](/blog/maasai-mara-part-1) and a complete photo album can be found
[here](https://photos.app.goo.gl/qqK9d8Dm6x8kH7maA)
