---
layout: post
title: Riding Motorcycles
tags: [Kenya]
---

I spent this past weekend in Kisumu - the third largest city in Kenya. This is
where the operations team is based out of in Kenya, and we decided to spend the
weekend here this time. In Kisumu the main mode of transportation (for Muzungus)
is by piki piki (motorcycle). There is a extremely large overabundance of
drivers in the town so the rates are low. A 3km ride would cost $1 USD for a
solo rider or $1.50 for two people.

My goal on Saturday was to learn how to drive a motorcycle. I have never had any
prior experience riding a motorbike or even driving a manual car (outside of
video games). So this would be a completetly beginner task for me. Luckily
Hyunjin has experience riding bikes from his travels in India so if he can learn
in India, I was confident I could learn in Kenya. In addition, within the house
there were extra motorcycle helmets so we could stay safe

## Procuring bikes

Going into this, this seemed like the hardest step, but in the end it was the
easiest part of the day. There was no issues with them

1. Lending their bikes out for the day
2. Lending the to inexperienced motorcyclists.

Honestly this was probably not the best idea because if I crashed this guys
bike, he wouldn't have a job until it gets fixed/I were to buy him a new one.
But, they trusted us and I was able to borrow the bike for the afternoon for $8
USD.

## Learning to ride

The motorcycles we were riding were 150cc boxer motorcycles.

![Boxer
150cc](https://bd.gaadicdn.com/processedimages/bajaj/bajaj-boxer/source/bajaj-boxer-150.jpg)

###### Boxer 150cc

Compared the bikes sold in Caanda, these things were kids toys. Hyunjin had to
teach me how to ride a bike, which was exceptionally tricky because the electric
starter on the bike that I was riding did not work. This meant that in addition
to learning how to drive a bike, I also needed to learn how to kick start it.

After about 20 minns, and 1000 kicks later, I was getting the hang of it. I was
able to get the bike going without stalling pretty decently. After a few more
test runs up and dowm the street where I learned how to stop properly. It was
time to take these puppies for a spim.

## Riding around town

In general, Kisumu is a pretty quiet town, and the majority of vehicles on the
road are motorcycles and Tuk Tuks. Especially so in our neighbourhood. Combined
with the fact that it was a Saturday, the roads were pretty much bare of other
cars so roaming on the streets wasn't as scary as you would think.

We were able to stay on paved roads for the majority of roads we were riding on
and other than the constant speedbumps the riding on the road was quite smooth.
Kisumu does not have any stop lights and the roads are quite wide so I had no
issues with needing to stop on the road, as it would likely die


## Final thoughts

If I lived in Kisumu fulltime, I would definitely buy a motorcycle. Since it is
mostly paved, mainly car-less and everything from the Maisha Meds house is a
boda ride away. It would be cost effective to purchase one. Around here a bike
costs $800 USD, and over 4 months would not lose value so I would only really be
paying for gas which s

In terms of skill, struggled with maintaining the engine when stopping.
But practice would hopefully make perfect.

> Ride or die
