---
layout: post
title: Hells gate NP
tags: [Kenya, travel]
---
For my last weekend in Kenya I went to Hells gate national park and Lake
Naivasha. This park is situated on the Lake, but is known for its lack of
predators and crazy gorges. 

I took a Matatu there in the morning going from the Nairobi CBD to Naivasha town
to the national park and then a boda to the park gate. In total getting there
cost me (500 + 100 + 100) ksh for transportation. One of the main ways to get
around the park is to ride a bicycle, but with the tent and load on my back I
decided to just hike it.

Luckily at the gate I saw my friend Andrew and one other who where also here for
the day. And they had a car! Together we took a guided tour of the gorge with a 
local Maasai guide. The gorge was dry due to the lack of rain recently, but was 
obviously sculpted by years of flash floods. Within the gorge, there are
multiple.  emergency exit points with ropes to quickly climb up in the event of 
a flooding.

The gorge was made of limestone with salt deposits and was quite narrow  
throughout. The guide took us throughout and we ended up at a deadend at an area
where apparently part of Tomb Raider was filmed. There are also natural hot
springs that flow out of the gorge and we were able to feel the near boiling. 
water along a wall of the gorge. 

At the end of the walk we arrived in a Maasai market which was kind of lame.
Sort of a weird site to see in a park but the park was on their land so....

After that, I said goodbye to Andrew and started on my 9km walk back to the
campground I was going to stay at. Not 15min after I left the parking lot I got
absolutely poured on. Luckily I had a raincoat and cover for my bag 