---
layout: post
title: The Elephant Sanctuary
tags: [Kenya]
---

I've been told by my roommates and other Nairobians that the city of Nairobi as
a whole is not that great. Within the city there are apparently 2 good parks and
very few good attractions. Today I did one of the very few recommended
activities - the elephant orphanage.

On the outskirts of Nairobi national park, there is an elephant orphanage which
was started in 1977. Orphaned baby elephants found in Kenya are brought here to
be raised and then released back in the wild when they are old enough to be
independant. 

For an hour everyday, these elephants are fed in a public space for our viewing
pleasure. These elephants are only to be fed by their handlers for trust /
domestication reasons, but we were able to pet them if they came close to the
fence. In total we saw 16 different elephants ranging from 7 months to 6 years
old. All of these animals still feed on milk which should come from their
mothers. But as orphans, they instead drink a powdered milk formula which has
been tweaked over the past 40 years.  After downing their milk these animals
then played around for our viewing pleasure in the pool/balls or just wandering
around.

![Elephant
 drinking](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/CRhArRsdUPpw-dCBODYeNTBzwMjnyHWsKW0onoKPY7RVwglWTjb3tZyZLt2pOuYENiZkvXbUtvP7kF7AdLJQaXDCIYdF2PQ003JSIhhvYX0b-Wp9lObOwRfHIVIucqgOJ5uo4KddIZ7JC8ph5kZufw7zNMoMhCHKB8aC2fjFA1s7OGviyErYPAyUfx0TojLW1J-CRgvtDaDOuGFkkDix_WD_dbWi36yFOg7ven5oL6Nj6FCKplGTNuSKdVThBHzuEtgzFkBE22aynONrYWROioP_GD-3bEm1VQN9mT-qzDvvl5QCL2-Hskli6-osDC6L76aligN-4iahfMnZzMQCSyskjOCjgt6V5UuPyqGrhILEGr7yP9IDeNqFOTF7x1_O9mJW8wMgRxRiQU3msNM96k6p9-phUhtZ1vp6Hl8-vGtCFGFYGBXYfjP6yBuESXwNuTWPKIyREGXLucxP8OeC7t70D2a0lQHhbXf-17tVOfzjyIj7ygqNx2ig5CKhgr2RFTUC08ZTa5R2xK4Kj_JOx5aI3zsUP-g8-iWRGygmolJIVFtwMG3hhIyBv7BBBS_dLT7SqpTKEkM8dN3qs3gHgFcv-5QaN_VbhEjxLldP1kdWi0kBo4jwCBYQBl6VViXR2ojBDVDJUBvEEifyJvt6siCjXaBAc5UN_6ClSRKdHM6M5YKTL8UuHHKk=w2356-h1560-no)
###### Feeding elephant

In Nairobi, this was the place where I saw the most Muzungos by far. This is a
popular first/last destination for safari tours in Kenya. I would say that over
90% of the people that were there were tourists. Granted I was one of those
"tourists" as well.

At this place, you can also adopt an elephant for ~$100 USD per year. For this,
you are able to come back for some more private visits with "your" elephant and
you can tuck them in at night (awwww). Lots of tourists seemed to be doing this,
which seems weird because they won't get any of the benefits if they are only
here for a vacation. But to each their own

After that we went to a giraffe sanctuary where they breed and raise Rothchild's
giraffes. Here you are able to feed some giraffes and kiss them if you want (by
placing a pellet in your mouth). These guys have it made, since all they do all
day is eat these nutritionless pellets and then later feed on their real meals.

![feeding
giraffe](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/GQBjwoDu6iXoRNdm6yC8ZeW0uPWdB0KlsuqyFcZLRpdf5dyurUPGQga1AC94hISGS5r6RbtFQ_a3GvhG_I2-r0vCVu17EVNF3yI0Q94RWneHd09goE4iq6yI3hhhYKl_pgrl2y4dIeKhjBKF2GwVm3ndfnhxuwCM7u73fm3GDk7bZGmXyjDv-isLOwNv-vmLWfQJL5VFsdeWdn65bCD7xehqNK6nRiL2Pt5_IMPe3txs7z6x6gbdG1zw0OPZa0wH0vikCdJzCzxAVW1u6fDFxF2vNZ48B4upP4LLjQGvd1nrVnxNyTXyoZWT-uo7Cm2M8Ztf3wYpffLnW4YZOGdhJBJ4IdP-NBDU1CcujhjSjzPuJdSBhl-_c1Hqx0xd1EehpeN8OPZAjt58_Hl65D_Mhq-SJmdaTz11MO0ZZsHl4kllrmYxP0p0hr0WHyBe3TF9IEWse3lR7quVarCto1JBTM_cH0WEfbAfqFTCmZyY4eIu5-ltf9bnyyctD0jTNcalZbMIRAgooCDVps9GG8UmZaRiYMphGbXTLSPvrThToepzWTO-0t7iIW6ve4CY92olTYi5zGDkAEvPZ5yBc2Trndwaz8eQIdp7SCF3rYcjAmVQsa6hfyF4tTL5wXzVCovVtLoy5cSfw45S1FaJItHIDlJEWbPzfc14S5Sy-LIoYBAbGWtT5tHqkC67=w2356-h1560-no)

###### Feeding Giraffes

Other than that, it was a pretty standard giraffe feeding experience. There were
some babies that were in the enclosure but they were just sitting the whole time
we were there. In addition to the feeding part, there is also a [Giraffe
Manor](https://www.thesafaricollection.com/properties/giraffe-manor/) that you
can stay at for minimum $500 USD per night. Apparently Ellen went there
recently and after that the price was jacked up. But there, the giraffes are
known to come and eat your breakfast and other meals. But hey, I'm a broke boy
so staying there is kind of out of the picture.

After these places we had nyema choma, which is becoming my favourite meal here
in kenya. This time it was bbq goat, ugali and kachumbari. Delish

Anyways now I only have like 3 more things that I can do in Nairobi so sooner or
later I'll need to do more day/weekend trips instead of staying in the city.

A photo album is available [here](https://photos.app.goo.gl/qBhoxBudtehMbCtW9)
