---
layout: post
title: Lamu
tags: [Kenya, travel]
---

This weekend I checked another one of my travel destinations off in Kenya by
going to the coastal town of Lamu. This town is the oldest still inhabited town
in Kenya being established in the late 1300s. This town has a rich history like
most of the other coastal towns in East Africa with the typical
Portuguese/Omani/British times of control. Originally Lamu was a major port for
slave trade but since the abolishment in the early 1900s, the main economy in
the region is fishing and tourism.

The old town remains very undeveloped with man coral rock buildings and narrow
streets. The cool part is that the city is an island and there are no cars on
it. The main modes of transport are via donkey or boat with a few motorcycles
around. The town is very muslim, and the only bar in town is at the police
station.

The street food scene in Lamu was very good and included from super authentic
Indian samosas and bhajias, to fresh fruit, meat skewers and Andazis/Chapatis.
The prices were quite reasonable and cost at most 20 Ksh for each of those
items. 

Me and Hyunjin had 3.5 days in Lamu and arrived late afrernoon on Saturday. The
airport is on a separate island the Lamu (Manda island) and you are required to
take a boat across to the main island. The weekend we came to Lamu was the
weekend of the cultural festival and although we missed most of the events 
(including the donkey races) we were still able to catch the end of the Dhow
boat races. 

The town itself was extremely busy this day with mamy kids jumping off the
docks, and many stalls set up along the waterfront pathway. As we were arriving
in the late afternoon we were searching for a meal and settled on some street side skewers and andazis. There were options for meat(?) and liver skewers and I tried both. I am not sure why there are no skewers available in Nairobi (or Kisumu) but god damn were they good. 

After we walked to the hostel that we were staying at which was placed pretty much in the middle between the two main towns, Lamu and Shela. We were able to get the hostel on a black friday sale and were staying there for 800 ksh per night with breakfast. Sadly we were pretty much the only people staying at the hostel and we had a dorm room to ourselves. The hostel was a compound with many smaller 4 bed dorm rooms and multiple mango trees. Quite a nice paradise except for the noisy cows, chickens and donkeys.

The first night we decided to go out and headed to [the floating bar](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Floating+Bar/@-2.2712466,40.8922021,15z/data=!4m13!1m7!3m6!1s0x1817193fab651595:0x7dd791cc38ba2835!2sLamu!3b1!8m2!3d-2.2695575!4d40.9006408!3m4!1s0x0:0x46fb8654a1101a0d!8m2!3d-2.2684621!4d40.9088373). We spent most of the evening here and partied with some Nairobians who were here of a birthday.

On our second day, we explored the island. First, we went back to Lamu town to go and check it out. It was a lot quieter on a Sunday morning and sadly all of the skewer stalls don't start until 4pm. The town is very old with narrow walkways and crumbly coral buildings. We found a cool shop where a guy made wooden fish carvings from reclaimed boat or drift wood. Additionally he would put garbage such as flipflops or swimming truck buttons to add decorations to the pieces. When we were there, he showed us how he made them with only a Banga knife and a spoke shave. Quite a neat operation and in the 2 hours before we came, he had already made ~10 fish. 

For lunch we obviously needed to have chapati beans and were able to find a somewhat clean looking place to eat from. Not as good as our spot in Nairobi but nonetheless you can never go wrong with 40Ksh beans. 

After lunch we headed to Shela, the town on the ocean side of Lamu. This is the town were all the muzungus stay at where the beans cost 100Ksh! But this is where the super nice beach is. Here we spent the afternoon on the beach. The sand here was just as fine and clean as the sand along the other parts of the coast, but the nice part here was that the beach was dead quiet once you passed the row of hotels. We later climbed a dune and chilled up there for a while, but stupidly left before the sun went down. It was probably a super nice sundown spot, but oh well. 

For dinner I had a prawn curry. It was good.

For the next day, we had arranged for a local fisherman who was recommended by the hostel to take us out for the day on his boat. However when we showed up a 9am to head out, he said that the other group had cancelled and we could pay double if we still wanted to go. So instead we found another fisherman who was taking out a group and we piggybacked with them. In the end we spent the day snorkelling in not clear water and not fishing. But we spent the day with this cool couple and ate really good fish/crab so the there was no love lost for this. 

The next day was our final day in Lamu and we decided to head back to the Shela beach for the morning that we were there. We swam out to a sand bank and hung out there before heading back. Another nice quiet day on the beach. For lunch however, we got fleeced and when we got rice and beans but were charged 100ksh for just the rice. I feel like it was a muzungu tax, but still 30ksh for beans and 100ksh for rice. Pretty much anywhere else you go it should be 40ksh so I was pretty cheesed by that.

All and all a good trip. If you ever go to Kenya this is probably one of the coolest places to go.

[photos(https://photos.google.com/share/AF1QipPZdnPMD9UKrL7sq9D8HYTGDQcL6jvxzP1cVZri-Lqv0psbeTT2oKCGtNgE0F5R5w?key=NzZGd3NuOUtPaW9OQ1VneWpwUEw5bmNEb0RLd3NR)