---
layout: post
title: Maasai Mara - Part 1
tags: [Kenya, Travel]
next: /maasai-mara-part-2

---

The Maasai Mara is the Kenyan extension of the Serenghetti, this Northern tip of
the park is the highest concentration of wild animals in Kenya and around this
time of the year (August to late September)  is where the great migration occurs.

For one of the last possible weekends of the migration we (Me, Hyunjin and
Chris) decided to go to the Mara for a 3 day, 2 night safar. We ended up booking
with skylax tours as a budget tour option and paid $120 USD for the housing +
transportation + guide + meals. This pricing did not include the park fee which
was an obscene $80 USD per day. 

As a side note one of my favourite things about the National park pricing is
that for citizens and residents the pricing is done in the local currency (Ksh)
whereas the non-resident price was in USD.

Anyways, for $120 that gets you a ride in a safari van instead of a land
cruiser, there were more people in the tour (we had 7), it was in a budget
safari camp (Rhino tourist camp) and the food wasn't _as_ good as it probably
would of been for more expensive tours. But we were there to see the animals so
Twe didn't really care about the stuff for the rest of the day.

In the future the only thing I would maybe consider is doing a tour in a land
cruiser depending on the time of year I was going as many of the roads were only
bearable because it was hardpack dry dirt. If it was slightly wet I feel like
some of the vans would struggle.

Our tour was for 3 days from Saturday morning to midday Monday. On Saturday
morning, we were picked up in Nairobi at 9am. (Too late imo) and were in sharing
the safari with 2 other groups, a solo Kenyan citizen, and a mom with her two
kids. 

The ride to the Mara from Nairobi is ~6 hours, for which the last 2 hours are on
terrible dirt roads. On the ride we passed through a crazy overlook of the rift
valley below and could see Mt Longonot, a volocano in Kenya.

Once we get to the dirt roads, you start passing by Maasai villages and the kids
herding their cattle/sheep along the way. Something weird is that on this road,
some of the Maasai make gates out of logs and charge ~$2 USD to pass on the
road. Definately not sanctioned by the government and it left a bad taste in my
mouth as they are literally just charging Muzungos for wanting to go to the
Mara. Along the way we passed by probably 5 gates. The funny part is you can go
around them and not pay. But in a converted van, this probably would not have
ended well.

Eventually we got to our camp for the night at 3:30 pm. We were staying in 4 bed
dorm with one other guy from Japan. Overall it was really nice with good food
and a nice staff. It probably helped that the guests were 98% tourists.

At 4:30 we went on our first game drive until the sunset. The safari van had a
pop top on it so then we could take photos out of the top of the car. I chose
the command seat at the back middle of the car so I could stand up and take
pictures out the sides, but also to take pictures out the back and get the
sunset pictures on the way home.

For the first little bit, we were enthralled by zebras/wildebeasts/gazelles, for
which I later realized we should not have cared about because they are so
abundant. 

However we were able to see a family of elephants that day, a total of 11 (?)
with a few kids. We caught them eating and were ~100m away from them. Afterwards
we raced back to see a baby serval just sitting in the grass. I have no clue how
these guys are able to see these animals.

![elephants](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/_KT57-e5gDxSsTjRqF2oz1RWcregBo6tsO0oztFbbwzcgrh2HcIj3m5YS9K8idM8-fZ0cHBNATbHDZCTfp81AR2pPew2-VGr_SmSOwf2qrMmL84h5GI6zzpmS4TPzaJsYt3vw9RM3gnB1FtowzdwZ6EAmqcXRdDffllr9afEnvuhVI_hJfJYmToGO690FWIjXAc_8wnx7Sw73DDrWrLdBh9AbT7D1MN5MfjgNHd38SsduAjGLRis_CGihnaCP-CHoZNWPfOBMCC05vr24SU9yly7_kHNPbibD_9jzDDkZGn7JSCuvlFP1gvQ5bE3cvm-akzC4oT-B133iFZsSiWS3ophew8CBqpqYWj5GunVxbk1B1mOMPBGNAJGAfrgzLj86ifmEPQeESMyPyPpLWpabVtX_AfvbRpfDy0-V3Hw8GqOY7IZ1u-6h5JS4amohD1vrA_ZQtRWN7SWkaeIZ4Y2nXJR9pRVGCjG4xYhqeyxq_lW7pK86iGODZEYoJMP7ab9oxjv6bE0LKutz4upXsX19Nd0iqfPMxyhhwxPRnS7-4R9AhNqpkqVI-x6LgtzEAB49tjU8cyjSJzgfCpys_fOsKeQBthr9YjfVc8KVjRdBoLZpsE2-rM84b_HIfPbVI586LAZk2kIXNijnbeRaCjQEFpA0LEBgyzeXFFKkHfB-0NeIpUSYDer9Ul9=w2462-h1630-no)
###### Elephants

![serval](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/rG9RnqM9cYGB0wL4LYGkWUXoKixWfZk8kosWDVa_tJW14WEsDICF4p1uxTwk5fMEtrq-FKqhPA5QaT-Mu_2vqK-DSF2p3DeBrhgL5UUgZXtjfZL2B0f8FHOPU4tHu1EcvaIe-QYJlhUvjJsOhwqMFYuo2RMVhyCJDNBIMSJyzq0F-X97ry7a-Z3uhTAl--zxiAGIPpUrPOMraJfmLBOTikrsezmzQmownJvLntquPxFcVR1tuQOyOjfkmb8iTeH4ffKJCxXhAaNRF0xnf5dpJFVuHpGwcPU8ZWxQBDDAzQNk0cNSi63ylXgnMjjIa1RX7FPmnN2CPmjJ00CXOcsHvw9SJOYaExSh5IxnVUZDSI8gz6mUGdujjbvqV-SCMbUFBT8Ye4ASn3quqVowYIZAxmroyY12POXTcTiS6mYQAr2LZwXg6W0KcQ-PU8Bh_K6NJoQ7H-mNKVwvVpffDCNP3wOt_0XhYDotM32fugAxdwpvw6F5QpgI3IS_01m8CbUayjQMu53V1dXfjSn2-pyiw8KX9RHVp0tqSNQcz3yXh8yV9IaRPLmOWQ1ekJohDY5z9bqgCgrauno3SglOXLdqAW5FeL2A12HCd09h_9wIHR07a7n-E4yZuSNIU6LzYgS_XXNfJSpktsZVeSpNWUf4hBeN49Q7wdRA9xH62AXydVPbPkbbt4lQf9W2=w2462-h1630-no)
###### Serval

The park closes at sundown at 6:30, and for us that meant that we only spent
about an hour and a half in the park.

I guess thats all we did on the first day. I will write about the next day in
[this](/blog/maasai-mara-part-2) post. To see the photos for the whole trip, they
can be seen [here](https://photos.app.goo.gl/qqK9d8Dm6x8kH7maA)
