---
layout: post
title: Going to jail in Kenya *Not Clickbait*
tags: [Kenya]
---

Today Hyunjin and I got arrested on our way home from work for not being able to
produce our passports.

## The situation

On our way home from work today, we asked the lunch place if they were still
serving food. They weren't, so we ended up behind their restaurant talking to
another chef about potentially getting some nyema choma for dinner. Once getting
his number we were approached by two plain clothed cops who asked us to produce
our passports.  Neither of us were carrying our originals, and they would not
accept photographed scans of our passports, so into the back of the unmarked
white car we went on our way to the station.

Throughout this whole process I thought this was a scam, and that these weren't
real cops. The combination of the plain clothes, unmarked car, drivers license
like id, made me think that we would end up in a basement needing to pay a bribe
in order to leave.

Luckily we still had our phones on us, and we were able to call our roommates to
bring our passports to the station, and our boss to come for moral support.

In the station we were first placed in the front holding cell where we got
processed. Our phones and money from our wallets was taken for safe keeping and
we were given a receipt. Afterwards with our pockets emptied, we were told that
we could pay 1000KES ($10 USD) to stay in the front room or we would need to go
into holding in the back. At this time, we were told that we would be staying
overnight.

Being a couple of stubborn Muzungus, we went into be back were the place smelt
terrible. We were the only ones in the cell at the time, which looked straight
out of a movie with names/racial slurs carved into the walls from nights passed.
Partway along some guys came in and asked us for cigarettes (?) but why would we
have any if the cops emptied our pockets. I for one do not butt smuggle
cigarettes on me just in case I end up in the slammer.

Soon thereafter,  our roommate Florence showed up with our passports and the
cops realized that we were Canadians, and not Chinese, everything became a lot
better. We were brought back out into the original holding cell to wait for the
decision to be made whether we would have to stay the night.  Apparently the
commissioner was pretty quick to say that we could go, but the other officers
were taking their time and trying to come up with ways to deny us from leaving.

But in the end we were able to leave scot-free and did not even have to bribe
anyone. Afterwards we got celebratory silk noodles and dumplings.

Another great introduction to life in Kenya!

![Behind bars]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/getting-arrested.jpeg)
###### Getting released from jail

## Some thoughts

Soooo, by law  we are required to be carrying our passports on us at all times
which I think is pretty bait. Even having the picture of my passport and the
visa stamp on my phone is not enough to verify my identity.

Apparently the cops tend to target Chinese people because

1. They are the most likely to be overstaying their visas here
2. They are the most willing to pay bribes

So for the cops, picking up 2 younger Chinese looking kids probably looks like
easy pickings for 10000 KES. But in reality this offense is not that big of a
deal. In addition there was a video circulating on social media with a Chinese
man saying racist things about Kenyans, so there is probably some disdain
associated with the Chinese.

Oh well, from now on I will always be carrying my passport. And now I understand
what it probably feels like to look latino in Texas.
